
Components:

Scanner: The scanner utilizes lex in order to scan for specific regular expressions and returns tokens of the form, WORD, STRING, SPECIAL (metacharacter), or END-OF-LINE, in a linked list. This is made up of the lex.yy.c, scanner.l, scanner.c, and scanner.h files. 
1) The scanner first calls the function yylex() to get the head of the linked list. 
2) The scanner then loops to get the next tokens in the linked list until it reaches a newline or end of file character. It then returns the linked list, which is then fed to the parser.

Parser: The parser receives a linked list of tokens to form a command struct. No elaborate algorithm is implemented
to form a command from the token list.
1) The parser expects the first token to be a word. This word is assumed to be the command. Errors are thrown
   for non-word tokens.
2) All from the beginning of the list up to the first encountered EOL or metachar token are interpreted as
   arguments.
3) After the arguments, if there is a metachar token, we interpret it. The order of the redirects is assumed
   to be redirect in before redirect out. An error is thrown otherwise.
4) If command is a builtin command, then we mark the command struct as builtin.

Environment variables:
The environment variables are maintained by global array of string pointers. The environ.h provides the API
for interacting with the environment variables. The environment variable array has a max size of 100 which
can be changed in the environ.h file. 

Main process:
The envsh shell infinitely loops accepting a sentence after the prompt. The input is scanned by the scanner
into a linked list of tokens that are labeled. The parser then receives the token list and forms a command
based on the token list, determining if the token list is valid, if the command is builtin or not, and if
redirects occur. The parser returns a command struct which holds all this information. For builtin commands
the shell executes the command within the main process. For external files, the shell will fork, creating
a child process. The child process will then execute execve with the environment variables and the arguments
to overwrite the child process with the file. Returning to builtin commands, we first validate the input of
the builtin commands with specific validators for each command. If the input is valid, then the command is
executed. Otherwise, an error message is displayed and the command is ignored.

For redirects, the command struct contains output and input file names to redirect to if the command contains
redirects. If so, the file descriptor table is altered within the child process to make stdin and/or stdout
point to the target files.
Note: For redirects, if there is more than one file after the < or >, then the program will throw an errorand not execute the command. This is different from the actual shell which will actually just read/write the first file listed and ignore the second.

Prompt:
Because the fprint is buffered for the command prompt, we write the prompt out to stderr so that it is automatically flushed and so that the prompt is not included in an output file. 

